Welcome back, guys.
And let's try and code this part out, a smaller and greater element.
So before that, let's write it over here.
So.
Let's see.
These are the three.
Characters, and this is the three characters and I have to place four numbers.
Now, let's see.
On the first place, I'm placing all the numbers one by one, I completing the first number, the second
number or these are number.
And then from the next part, what happens if I'm placing the first number?
Then I'm going in with a smaller than one.
It is zero.
And how many numbers are greater than one?
Two.
If I'm placing this number, then one one at the waist, two zero.
Well, if I'm placing three on the first location.
Now, when I'm at this particular location, I have to check if it is a lesser number then.
If it if the next number has to be greater than four.
This said for indicate of the greater numbers LP please all these numbers one by one and manipulate
that these numbers are smaller than the current number and these numbers are greater than the current
number that I'm placing.
You'll let me quickly.
For that part, but before that.
Yes.
Well.
At stake this.
And.
Well before moving.
Then let's take the.
Inputs.
RN And its goal is to bring SDR.
Well, I've taken both of them as input.
Now what I'll do is I'll say, okay.
The final answer will be equal to if I'm placing I'm placing all animals from one twin eight.
So if I'm placing all the animals from one to end, then it will tell me that.
The answer will be equal to.
BP if I'm placing so from index one because I have indexed these locations, these particular locations
from index zero.
Right to donate and use these added index zero.
What I, what I do is I'm seeing I'm placing one at the index zero.
Then tell me how many bits are there to fill these many locations with these values right out of the
remaining elements.
If, if I'm placing.
From Index one.
Tell me, how many ways are there?
If I have how many small elements nowadays?
How many small elements are there than the current element?
Right now we have a minus one, smaller elements.
Okay, so if I is equals to one, that means if I'm placing one of the zeroth position, that means
now I have a minus one, which is zero.
Small elements eight.
So if I'm placing eight, eliminate any at the first location at any point of time, that means I have
eight minus one elements which are smaller than the current element.
Well, and how many elements are greater than the current element?
It is.
And minus.
Well.
So what?
So if I'm placing I good strategy in the first position, that means two minus one.
That means one element is smaller, then two and and minus eight, which is four minus two.
Two elements are greater than two, which have to be because I didn't expedition well, but I'm starting.
I'm placing all the elements one by one over here because guys, now we have to handle this case also,
right?
We have a character and character by character.
We have to handle that what we have to place at the next location.
So let's see which is the index.
And let's call this s and let's call this G.
And these are the most elementary, the smaller.
These are the number of elements which are greater than the previous element that I felt full finality
out.
Answer.
Well, it's really this deep.
It's good this part.
It's like more or less like backtracking.
But instead of having a state, we are having elements smaller or greater.
They do not know.
Everything depends on the previous value.
So if string and we know the string is zero based index.
So I have to use I minus one you need.
So if I have less, then count if I'm filling the first location.
Okay, let me.
Do this again.
If I'm feeling the first index.
This is the one in first index.
This is what the zero index.
They've been putting the first index.
I have to check what is as of zero.
Eight.
If it is this sign, that means a lesbian sign.
That means I can only feel the elements which are greater than the elements which are in this set.
Let's iterate over all the elements which I didn't say, but I will iterate from.
But he.
G Right.
So I will trade from one to G.
That means I'm filling all the elements.
In this age.
So I'm actually said you will contain the elements.
So these are actually the count of elements which are greater than the previous element.
But I know what I'm doing is I'm filling those elements one by one, no matter what was that element.
What I know is that they are greater than the previous element that is what matters and that they are
greater than the previous element or they're less than the previous element.
We don't care about what exactly is that element, because I've already shown you that example.
Well, now, what do we have here?
We have answered the question.
Zero.
And modalities on surplus equals to DP.
Now, if I'm placing the first greatest element later, I'm not placing all the elements in said by
one eight.
So the return of the elements from placing all the elements one by one.
So from a plus one, he plays on the plus one to how many elements are smaller than D?
If I'm placing the element.
The first element of G that means the first greater element.
It means, as were already smaller, less dim, minus one elements are smaller.
If I'm placing this second element of the that means Jake was two two.
What does it mean that.
Then the previous element was this there was already a set of smaller elements that they were going
to release.
So this was a by s there's a set of greater element.
This is represented by D eight.
So if I'm placing this second element of G at the current position, so for the next position, the
previous guy is actually this G2.
Eight.
If previous guys do you do, then how many elements are smaller than D2?
We have s so these these will already be smaller.
S Plus two minus one because this element that is a D first place in G first largest element from B
will also be smaller.
Eight Where do they split two and split two minus one?
And how many elements will be greater than G?
It will be D minus two.
The elements which are on the right side of the due to element.
So if I'm placing the element, then what I can say is that BS equals two G.
If music was tragedy, then ESP plus minus one elements are smaller than d d and how many elements are
greater than it is?
Do you mind this?
The remaining elements will.
So.
Nominal limits are greater than it.
It is equal to g minus.
I hope this is making sense to everyone.
Now what is the next part?
That means if it is not.
Less than saying that means it has to be the greater than saying if it is a greater than saying, then
what does it mean?
I have to place all the elements which are smaller than the previous element now because I know we have
this st whatever is placed in, I have to place the elements which are in the set as they the its place.
All the elements of S1 by one.
They will start from one.
They will go to less and the other plastic.
Okay.
So this is going.
It is this part.
Now, guys, how many elements this smaller than this element in this smaller set?
No, no.
We are worried about this smaller lizard.
We are placing elements in this seven by one eight.
So how many elements is smaller?
It is equal to j minus one.
Could not be confused in this that j minus one elements are smaller.
If I am placing the jet element in this one, it.
Full moon policing.
The second element one element is smaller than the right and how many elements are great as a G are
already greater, he said.
These are already greater.
Harm.
The remaining elements in such as will also be greater, which is equal to minus.
I hope this is correct.
If Jay-Z goes to London, what does.
It means that how many elements are greater than the current element do you will already be greater
end s minus D elements will also be at its correct.
I hope you're getting this case.
It shouldn't be that tough to understand.
Well.
And finally it and the answer and what is the basis?
The risk is well, it would be very simple if I if I placed all the elements.
Right.
It's a moment of time.
You can be zero.
Some movement of them as can be zero.
Then of course, this equation won't move forward.
So we're ending a loop from one.
If they are equal to zero, that means there are no elements that can be placed at the particular location.
It will just go back.
If I placed all the elements, that means I have these the last location.
That means ice equals to it.
That means I need all the elements from I goes to zero.
Do I go through and minus one if I is equals to an item bladed on one that yes, I found to be this.
Will this.
Okay.
There is a problem.
Okay, so it is a string.
I read.
Well.
So here you can see we've got five, eight.
So how are we getting five?
Because we are trying to place all the elements one by one, not all the elements.
The elements add that insert this audience there because we don't want actually that we don't we don't
care about what actually those elements are.
We just want that.
Okay, these are the elements smaller than the current element.
These are the elements that greater than the previous element and place them one by one according to
the things.
Well and we are passing this and so on.
Here goes.
You can't.
You have to understand this important concept of independent variables.
Independent, independent variables which we might have already seen.
Right.
So before moving on to the complexity of this solution, I want to discuss that.
Okay.
Let's move on to the complexity of this that I know we can begin to see that we have just written a
recursive approach here.
We have how many states I cross as cross g i is mn s can also be in and you can also be in.
So this is an new type of solution if I memorized.
Eight.
The memo is it.
What I need is I need a Ncube type of thing.
So let's let's build this solution for a bigger desk.
Is this one?
Bobby.
Well, and let's.
Okay.
Let's try to memorize this.
Let's call it 25, 25, 25 and.
I'm just doing a normal memorization, not a heavy stuff.
Memo minus one size of memo.
Just I just want to find out whether I'm getting a correct answer or not.
Well, it's make changes that we use through a memo, i.e., s e.
If answer is not your luminous wonder, don't answer.
Megan's request was zero and the calculation and we it this so that the number of ways in which I can
satisfy this condition.
Isn't it amazing that there are so many number of ways possible?
These are actually huge number of ways possible.
Well, I just wondered, it's 1 to 28.
So of course, some of you might be wondering that I'm not getting the correct answer, but it's correct
answer answers.
I've just not taken model.
So let's be considering digit called modulo which is one in nine plus seven and it's print answer modulo.
So what I have is 217136217136290.
Correct.
So this is a brute force audition and I'm amazed at what is a complexity and cue.
Eight.
Go and cover this state.
It goes and cover the states, but not the complexity.
And Cuba, this statement incited this.
I'm actually using a far loop of land and in the worst case you can be in as can be.
And in the worst case, that means what is the total complexity of this solution including the loops
inside the new were the total number of.
States in the end, because we are doing a calculation of.
Enzymes.
So let me erase this page because it's.
It has become a huge village and it's taking a lot of.
Memory and time.
Just give me a second.
Well, so the page has been erased and now it won't hang.
Yep.
So where were we?
We were here.
Yeah, that.
The tourist states that NQ which is a cross-currency rate because they are indigenous.
But though we were having one more often for loop incited hate which is which really gave me and or
the complexity of ending the power for hate.
Here's a concept that I want to.
Tell you that again in this ISG, we know that.
Sandy are kind of dependent variables on I think if I see their GS equals two so I already explained
it as produce equals to n minus I.
That means instead of passing G, I can easily derived you by using n minus i.e. minus s.
Eight.
That means I don't need to Pazzi.
That means I can erase you here.
And I can simply.
Let's.
Let's erase.
Because we don't have to pass this.
We don't need this variable because this is easily derivable from.
S And I hate and let's let me also remove this from this location.
And what I do is I simply say because I am using the audio.
So what else is that?
INT is equal to and minus A minus s because we know what it is.
So here at the pass s or pass E, we don't have to parse both the variables.
Cool.
So let's.
It will be destroyed during its period.
Well.
So again, they really get the same answer.
Why am I getting the same answer?
Because I don't have to.
Kind of memories.
Gee, because since you are in dependent variable rate and and then I can pass is Oregon buzzy because
the second variable can be derived from the other variable which is reimbursement.
These two are the independent variables.
So if I only know, I define only know as then I cannot derive it.
Right.
So these are the independent variables.
I need to parse them all, but this can be derived.
Also, I'm getting the same answer nowadays.
What is the complexity of the solution?
As again we have and squared states.
Esquire are these states.
But we have.
Often calculation inside that is these loops.
So if you have a calculation inside, that means what is the total complexity of and.
Q So let's see the constraints.
The constraint is 3000.
But will this approach work and Q approach?
No.
Still still.
We need to optimize this for the rate.
But often you will not.
Google will give me that.
Really.
You can look and see if the code and you can try it yourself.
Well.
And save the gold later and then you can try the school yourself.
Did you get this going in the description session?
There's an end queue approach and this will not work.
What we what we need to do is we need to further optimise it.
So let me hear you let me give you a hint, because in the next video, I will be using their talent
and solving the problem.
So you know that we used this we did this problem candies in which what we did was we saw that the recording
solution that we did, I was actually depending on how we fix some of the previous row of the DPD.
But what we did was instead of.
Going over these cells one by one, we took the prefix some of the above group, and by using the prefix
then we were easily able to calculate the look.
In this much part, we need eight here.
And so what you will notice is that we're okay here.
You know, you'll notice if you write this out and if your takes on values, you'll notice that this
is kind of a prefix.
Someone like.
Hey.
Because let's see.
Okay.
Let's do it in the next recording.